---
published: false
---
I have been a big fan of some few good podcasts. I listen to them daily or atleast dozen times weekly. Over the past past few years, since apple podcasts became better - listening to podcasts very convenient. But my love for podcasts originates from my very early childhood. My dad used to listen to radio everyday for news, bengali dramas and scientific facts based programs. All of these have played such an important part of upbringing too. So, I couldn't really got rid of my love for long audio conversations. Then, when I moved to Kolkata my window to the FM world opened. Suddenly I have been consuming every intersting converstions, music, science shows, poems, narration and sports etc on radio. One of the shows which I liked particularly was a scientific discussion based show called, "Bigyan Rashiker Dorobare" hosted by Dr. Manas Pratim Das. Everytime I used to count the number of days and wait for that show, wonder about the topic for next episode.
Later, during my later years in college I didn't get to listen to radio that much because of phone and new craze for social media like facebook, whatsapp etc on the internet. But now I feel like living those days all over again. So, the podcast I am talking about is by the name [Lex Fridman](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSHZKyawb77ixDdsGog4iWA). Started as an artifial intelligence podcast and grown into more diverse towards science, engineering, wrestling. Most of the guests are noteable people from their respective fields like Donald Knuth, Penrose, Elon, and many others. It had been my favourite passtime of previous among many others. Almost all the episodes are consumed listening and many are even repeated. There is so much depth in understanding human condition, life, suffering and science.
